[Music]
banti hound sees players taking up the
role of Max Amelia a man who is tasked
with installing several devices on alien
worlds
I will terraform the planet and
ultimately make it suitable for human
life is essentially a hack and slash RPG
the combat truly stands out as one of
the more enjoyable aspects of the game
as there are a ton of weapons to choose
from utilize include in several swords
guns hammers and axes which can all be
modified to include all kinds of
elemental and Status effecting abilities
there's a lot to play around with and
over the course of the adventure you're
constantly find yourself coming across
new ways in which to take on enemies
which helps manage to keep the combat
from getting stale another huge part of
bounty hounds is character progression
which is dealt with by the experience
points you accumulate whilst taking down
enemies through this it is possible to
upgrade several aspects of your
character which all have a noticeable
effect on the battlefield
if bounty hounds passed you by back in
the day it's worth going back and
jumping in as it offers up a great
experience especially for RPG fans
originally released for the Game Boy
Advance back in 2005 the PSP title is
essentially an updated vision that
manages to retain every film I made the
original so great
all the while adding in extra features
such as voice acting and improved
visuals now the experience is quite
linear in its execution
it doesn't really allow for much
exploration and instead focuses on
predetermined battles throughout the
adventure instead of the usual random
encounters found in many RPGs this may
have the potential to turn some players
off but for what it lacks in freedom and
more than makes up for in gameplay each
battle is turn-based in nature and
allows the player to level up and learn
new abilities in which the news but due
to the fact of there being no random
encounters you'll soon find yourself
being unable to take on enemies this is
where the training mode comes into play
which allows the player to hone their
skills and level up outside of the
several predetermined battles overall
it's a pretty unique RPG that may not
satisfy everyone but for those willing
to look past some of the more quirky
aspects of the experience you'll find a
rewarding story and
awaitin ghost in the shell' stand alone
complex is based on the anime of the
same name and tasks players who've taken
on a variety of missions the player has
the option of choosing from four
characters that all possess their own
unique attributes and abilities a wide
range of weapons are available in which
to utilize ranging from pistols to heavy
machine guns and assault rifles that all
bring their own advantages and
disadvantages the action can get quite
intense and fast-paced obviously due to
the lack of a second analog step it
could be quite cumbersome at times but
it all soon becomes second nature each
mission will last you about five minutes
depending on your skill level which goes
hand-in-hand with the portable nature of
the PSP with a ton of unlockables an
engaging story and satisfying gameplay
ghost in the shell' stand alone complex
truly deserves a place in any PSP on
this collection Blade Dancer is quite
generic in both its appearance and the
story in which it presents because of
this in never truly received much
attention or praise upon its release the
only saving grace of the experience is
the way in which battles play out it
allows players to jump into combat at
their own discretion thanks to each
enemy being displayed on screen whilst
out in the field the battling system is
rather unique with each encounter
playing out in the turn-based fashion
but enemies do not wait for you to make
a move instead of yourself and each
enemy having a specific amount of MP
available both the player and enemies
draw from a shared amount of MP this
adds an extra layer of strategy to each
encounter and on top of all of this each
weapon you have is subject to breaking
which requires you to constantly craft
new items out of the various resources
you'll encounter all in all if you're a
fan of the genre and are looking for a
new RPG to get stuck into on the system
Blade Dancer offers up an experience
that won't be for everyone but it is
something you should definitely try out
[Music]
hammerin heroes cease players assuming
the role of gang is young carpenter who
is intent on stopping some rather
troublesome locals from creating havoc
in his town the game is presented in
levels which are all quite sized in
their execution making hammering hero
the perfect handheld experience for
those wanting something easy to pick up
and play whilst on the go it's
essentially a side-scrolling platformer
gang is armed with a hammer which soon
becomes the standard way in which to
take on enemies as well as several
powers which are all tied to jobs they
can be selected start to beat level the
more levels you complete the more jobs
become available which seized and taken
up several different roles such as a
baseball player at DJ and even a chef
all of these roles come with new moves
and abilities which managed to keep the
gameplay feeling fresh throughout the
adventure visually hammering hero is
stunning the lash and detailed
backgrounds all depict various areas of
the vibrant town with each NPC and enemy
you encounter also receiving the same
level of detail it all comes together
and culminates in what has to be one of
the more visually impressive titles on
the PSP if hammering hero passed you by
and you were looking for something easy
to pick up and play it would be the
perfect choice
[Music]
crimson gem saga is an RPG that never
truly received the praise it deserved
the first aspect of the game most
players will notice of the visuals they
are surprisingly detailed and present
the diverse locations NPCs and
characters you'll encounter throughout
the journey in a rich and vibrant manner
complementing the visual style of the
experience is the well-thought-out
battlin system that is turn-based in
nature it affords the player a whole
host of both magical and physical based
attacks that are earned through using
the skill tree system which can be used
when sipar in enough experience points
from defeating enemies the system allows
the player to customize characters to
their specific style of play with a
whole host of options becoming available
as the player advances through the tree
although not the best RPG on the system
by any means crimson gem sagas still
offers up a competent experience that
will satisfy both fans of the genre and
newcomers alike Black Rock Shooter is
based on the anime of the same name and
sees players tasked with overcoming an
alien invasion as humanity's chances of
survival slowly dwindle the game is
divided up into several missions that
all possess a diverse set of objectives
most will see you've taken on several
enemies at once which takes advantage of
the surprisingly fun battling system the
player has several options at their
disposal one being to utilize their raka
which over the course of the game can be
upgraded with several abilities which
all come with cooldown periods upon use
because of this it is important to also
get used to the several defensive
maneuvers in play especially for those
periods of vulnerability a standard
block can be deployed or even a side
step to avoid incoming attacks
completely but they do not come without
consequence if you manage to time it
incorrectly you'll be dealt a huge
amount of damage moreso than if you
hadn't tried to dodge there's a real
sense of risk versus reward when it
comes to the combat although Black Rock
Shooter is not perfect the game still
offers a competent action RPG experience
that is bound to satisfy fans of the
genre as well as those looking for
something new and rewarding to get into
[Music]
nearly every aspect of the experience
revolves around the simple concept
they're trying to be as quick as humanly
possible as the title suggests nearly
every action within the game can be
completed within half a minute which
makes it one of the perfect
pick-up-and-play titles available on the
system there are several modes in which
the best stuff into those being hero
evil lord and princess each mode
requires the player to complete
different tasks within the time frame of
30 seconds from completing quests that
are dealt out by NPCs to take a non evil
dragon Lords that threatened to engulf
the land in flames it's all quite
bizarre but at the same time thoroughly
enjoyable in rewarding there is truly
nothing else quite like half minute hero
so if you're looking for something
unique and different to try out there is
plenty on offer here that will justify a
purchase
[Music]
it's quite easy to pass guru man off as
a kids game from the colorful visuals to
the rather simplistic gameplay is
understandable while many gamers would
as the player you assume the role of
parent a young girl who is forced to
move away and live with her grandparents
where she encounters several childlike
creatures in the town who were being
hunted by evil monsters known as
phantoms she takes it upon herself to
help these creatures and defend their
home for what it lacks in narrative
finesse it more than makes up for in
gameplay the controls are incredibly
fluid and responsive for the game bein
broken up into missions all connected by
a world map each mission sees the player
taken on enemies or searching for
treasure depending on your performance
you'll receive medals which can be used
to buy upgrades for parent as well as
the drill that she uses as mentioned
earlier
don't let the simple exterior put you
off as guru Minh truly is one of the
finest experiences on the PSP which
deserves looking at macro ultimate
frontier is based on the anime of the
same name and sees players jumping into
a huge variety of machines that have the
ability to transform into several states
those being primarily fighter jets are
incredibly powerful Mac's that grant the
player a whole range of abilities in
which to take on the mission based
adventure at their own pace as you would
expect each machine can be fully
customized with a whole host of weapon
loadouts and visual touches that allow
the player to cater each to their style
of play
may that be up close and personal or
attack him from a distance there's a
generous amount of options that
facilitate each way in which to approach
each mission on top of this several
characters specific abilities are also
included which can really help out
during the more intense situations you
may find yourself in during battle out
on the field the controls are responsive
and fluid and after some time of the
game you'll find yourself soaring
through the skies and facing head-on
everything that they impose on you
Macross ultimate frontier is a real
showcase for the PSP visually it is
quite remarkable and the fact that it is
all running on a handheld is a real
testament to the team behind it if
you're looking for some intense map
action
the PSP Makris ultimate has got you
covered
[Music]